x88 - Nerikiri is a Japanese wagashi that should reflect the season it's being served in. The most popular shape is that of a cherry blossom, called sakura nerikiri, and it can be bought only in spring. Other shapes might include scenery, flowers, and birds.

This wagashi is traditionally made with sweetened white bean paste and glutinous rice flour. Nerikiri is often served at tea ceremonies, but it also makes for a great sweet snack that can be consumed any time of the day.



x99 - Botamochi or ohagi is a sweet Japanese confection consisting of glutinous rice stuffed inside a ball of azuki bean paste. The name of this treat consists of two words: bota, which is derived from botan, meaning tree peony, and mochi, meaning sticky, pounded rice.

The shape of botamochi is supposed to resemble a tree peony flower. Although botamochi and ohagi are the same, botamochi is served in spring, while ohagi is served in autumn, and is supposed to resemble hagi, also known as bush clover flower.  

x1010-Mitsumame is a famous Japanese summer delicacy made with jelly and black sugar syrup. It is often accompanied by different types of fruit and other refreshing condiments. The base of each mitsumame are see-through jelly cubes made with agar-agar, a thickening agent created out of seaweed.

Agar-agar has the same qualities as gelatin; it is added to water or other liquids to solidify them into a mass which can later be cut or shaped into different forms. The jelly for mitsumame is usually made with sweetened water and cut into rectangular shapes in order to resemble ice cubes.  


x1111 - Yokan is a Japanese sweet treat that has a form of a firm jelly. It is made with red bean paste, sugar, and agar-agar. The jelly is formed in long rectangular blocks and served sliced into smaller pieces. The two main varieties include neri yokan, the firmer variety, and mizu yokan, a summer version which is lighter and usually served chilled.

Even though red bean paste is the most common yokan flavor, chestnuts, sweet potatoes, or kidney bean paste infused with green tea are also commonly used as the base. Since yokan is versatile, numerous artisan versions with decorative appearance and unusual flavors are now available in Japan.  

x1212 - Hanami dango are sweet mochi rice dumplings on a skewer, and each of them has a
 different color – pink is used to symbolize cherry blossoms, white represents the remaining 
snow of the past winter, and green is used as a herald of spring, representing the color 
of young grass.The dessert is named after a popular Japanese tradition of hanami, meaning 
flower viewing. It is believed that the practice dates back to the Nara Period (710-794) 
or Heian Period (794-1185), and nowadays it typically takes place in late March in Kyushu
 or mid-May in Hokkaido.  


x1313 - Yokan is a Japanese sweet treat that has a form of a firm jelly. It is made with red bean paste, sugar, and agar-agar. The jelly is formed in long rectangular blocks and served sliced into smaller pieces. The two main varieties include neri yokan, the firmer variety, and mizu yokan, a summer version which is lighter and usually served chilled.

Even though red bean paste is the most common yokan flavor, chestnuts, sweet potatoes, or kidney bean paste infused with green tea are also commonly used as the base. Since yokan is versatile, numerous artisan versions with decorative appearance and unusual flavors are now available in Japan.  